CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: The Fawkes Code of Conduct
---

# The Fawkes Code of Conduct

## Conduct

**Contact**: [fawkes-mods@mozilla.com](mailto:fawkes-mods@mozilla.com)

* We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for
  all, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and
  expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size,
  race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or other similar characteristic.
* On chat-channels, please avoid using overtly sexual nicknames or other
  nicknames that might detract from a friendly, safe and welcoming environment
  for all.
* Please be kind and courteous. There's no need to be mean or rude.
* Respect that people have differences of opinion and that every design or
  implementation choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs. There is seldom
  a right answer.
* Please keep unstructured critique to a minimum. If you have solid ideas you
  want to experiment with, make a fork and see how it works.
* We will exclude you from interaction if you insult, demean or harass anyone.
  We interpret the term "harassment" as including the definition in the
  [Citizen Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org); if you have any
  lack of clarity about what might be included in that concept, please read
  their definition. In particular, we don't tolerate behavior that excludes
  people in socially marginalized groups.
* Private harassment is also unacceptable. No matter who you are, if you feel
  you have been or are being harassed or made uncomfortable by a community
  member, please contact the
  [Fawkes moderation team](mailto:fawkes-mods@mozilla.com) immediately. Whether
  you're a regular contributor or a newcomer, we care about making this
  community a safe place for you and we've got your back.
* Likewise any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting or other attention-stealing
  behaviour is not welcome.


## Moderation

These are the policies for upholding our community's standards of conduct. If
you feel that a thread needs moderation, please contact the
[Fawkes moderation team](mailto:fawkes-mods@mozilla.com).

1. Remarks that violate the Fawkes standards of conduct, including hateful,
   hurtful, oppressive, or exclusionary remarks, are not allowed. (Cursing is
   allowed, but never targeting another user, and never in a hateful manner.)
2. Remarks that moderators find inappropriate, whether listed in the code of
   conduct or not, are also not allowed.
3. Moderators will first respond to such remarks with a warning.
4. If the warning is unheeded, the user will be "kicked," i.e., kicked out of
   the communication channel to cool off.
5. If the user comes back and continues to make trouble, they will be banned,
   i.e., indefinitely excluded.
6. Moderators may choose at their discretion to un-ban the user if it was a
   first offense and they offer the offended party a genuine apology.
7. If a moderator bans someone and you think it was unjustified, please take it
   up with that moderator, or with a different moderator, **in private**.
   Complaints about bans in-channel are not allowed.
8. Moderators are held to a higher standard than other community members. If a
   moderator creates an inappropriate situation, they should expect less leeway
   than others.

In the Fawkes community we strive to go the extra step to look out for each
other. Don't just aim to be technically unimpeachable, try to be your best self.
In particular, avoid flirting with offensive or sensitive issues, particularly
if they're off-topic; this all too often leads to unnecessary fights, hurt
feelings, and damaged trust; worse, it can drive people away from the community
entirely.

And if someone takes issue with something you said or did, resist the urge to
be defensive. Just stop doing what it was they complained about and apologize.
Even if you feel you were misinterpreted or unfairly accused, chances are good
there was something you could've communicated better — remember that it's your
responsibility to make your fellow Fawkes community members comfortable.
Everyone wants to get along and we are all here first and foremost because we
want to talk about cool technology. You will find that people will be eager to
assume good intent and forgive as long as you earn their trust.

The enforcement policies listed above apply to all official Fawkes venues. For
other projects adopting the Fawkes Code of Conduct, please contact the
maintainers of those projects for enforcement. If you wish to use this code of
conduct for your own project, consider explicitly mentioning your moderation
policy or making a copy with your own moderation policy so as to avoid confusion.

*Adapted from [The Rust Code of Conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/conduct.html)
which is based on the [Citizen Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org),
the [Node.js Policy on Trolling](http://blog.izs.me/post/30036893703/policy-on-trolling)
and the [Contributor Covenant v1.3.0](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/).*

Commit message:

Issue #30: Rename project to Tofino; r=mmayo
Signed-off-by: Joe Walker <jwalker@mozilla.com>

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: The Project Tofino Code of Conduct
---

# The Project Tofino Code of Conduct

## Conduct

**Contact**: [tofino-mods@mozilla.com](mailto:tofino-mods@mozilla.com)

* We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for
  all, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and
  expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size,
  race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or other similar characteristic.
* On chat-channels, please avoid using overtly sexual nicknames or other
  nicknames that might detract from a friendly, safe and welcoming environment
  for all.
* Please be kind and courteous. There's no need to be mean or rude.
* Respect that people have differences of opinion and that every design or
  implementation choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs. There is seldom
  a right answer.
* Please keep unstructured critique to a minimum. If you have solid ideas you
  want to experiment with, make a fork and see how it works.
* We will exclude you from interaction if you insult, demean or harass anyone.
  We interpret the term "harassment" as including the definition in the
  [Citizen Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org); if you have any
  lack of clarity about what might be included in that concept, please read
  their definition. In particular, we don't tolerate behavior that excludes
  people in socially marginalized groups.
* Private harassment is also unacceptable. No matter who you are, if you feel
  you have been or are being harassed or made uncomfortable by a community
  member, please contact the
  [Project Tofino moderation team](mailto:tofino-mods@mozilla.com) immediately.
  Whether you're a regular contributor or a newcomer, we care about making this
  community a safe place for you and we've got your back.
* Likewise any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting or other attention-stealing
  behaviour is not welcome.


## Moderation

These are the policies for upholding our community's standards of conduct. If
you feel that a thread needs moderation, please contact the
[Project Tofino moderation team](mailto:tofino-mods@mozilla.com).

1. Remarks that violate the Project Tofino standards of conduct, including
   hateful, hurtful, oppressive, or exclusionary remarks, are not allowed.
   (Cursing is allowed, but never targeting another user, and never in a
   hateful manner.)
2. Remarks that moderators find inappropriate, whether listed in the code of
   conduct or not, are also not allowed.
3. Moderators will first respond to such remarks with a warning.
4. If the warning is unheeded, the user will be "kicked," i.e., kicked out of
   the communication channel to cool off.
5. If the user comes back and continues to make trouble, they will be banned,
   i.e., indefinitely excluded.
6. Moderators may choose at their discretion to un-ban the user if it was a
   first offense and they offer the offended party a genuine apology.
7. If a moderator bans someone and you think it was unjustified, please take it
   up with that moderator, or with a different moderator, **in private**.
   Complaints about bans in-channel are not allowed.
8. Moderators are held to a higher standard than other community members. If a
   moderator creates an inappropriate situation, they should expect less leeway
   than others.

In the Project Tofino community we strive to go the extra step to look out for
each other. Don't just aim to be technically unimpeachable, try to be your best
self. In particular, avoid flirting with offensive or sensitive issues,
particularly if they're off-topic; this all too often leads to unnecessary
fights, hurt feelings, and damaged trust; worse, it can drive people away from
the community entirely.

And if someone takes issue with something you said or did, resist the urge to
be defensive. Just stop doing what it was they complained about and apologize.
Even if you feel you were misinterpreted or unfairly accused, chances are good
there was something you could've communicated better — remember that it's your
responsibility to make your fellow Project Tofino community members comfortable.
Everyone wants to get along and we are all here first and foremost because we
want to talk about cool technology. You will find that people will be eager to
assume good intent and forgive as long as you earn their trust.

The enforcement policies listed above apply to all official Project Tofino
venues. For other projects adopting the Project Tofino Code of Conduct, please
contact the maintainers of those projects for enforcement. If you wish to use
this code of conduct for your own project, consider explicitly mentioning your
moderation policy or making a copy with your own moderation policy so as to
avoid confusion.

*Adapted from [The Rust Code of Conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/conduct.html)
which is based on the [Citizen Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org),
the [Node.js Policy on Trolling](http://blog.izs.me/post/30036893703/policy-on-trolling)
and the [Contributor Covenant v1.3.0](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/).*
